Justin: Yeah, I could remove it, it just auto-enters.
Mike Schwarz: Oh, I can remove it if you want. Let's see… Justin's notetaker.
Mike Schwarz: Remove.
Mike Schwarz: Cool. How's everything going? It feels…
Mike Schwarz: I'm getting a sense that your health has been improving somewhat.
Justin: Yeah, yeah, for sure, yeah.
Justin: Definitely Yeah, yeah.
Justin: Definitely much better. Sleeping better, getting up earlier, all that kind of stuff.
Justin: But we'll see if that lasts, though, because…
Mike Schwarz: Is that normal to just come in waves? Like, you need to look at a bigger, wider lens to see if it's a permanent change kind of thing?
Justin: No, I mean, I haven't had an insomnia issue for over a year and a half since…
Justin: Yeah, yeah, so that was really, surprising, and… Yeah, for me. So…
Justin: But we got on some new meds, and, you know, doctor this, doctor that, and
Justin: Seems to be going better so far.
Justin: Interestingly, it's actually an ADHD med, that seems to be helping, with the sleep.
Justin: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Guanfacine, if you've heard of it.
Mike Schwarz: Sorry, what was it called?
Justin: guanfacine? It's a non-stimulant.
Justin: Because I… I hate the stimulants, I tried those.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, I… I…
Mike Schwarz: I've been waiting to get in with a psychiatrist for a long time to try something new. I did a whole round of testing, and I did probably 4 different types of stimulants, one antidepressant, and I couldn't… what happened for me is every time that I did it for a while.
Mike Schwarz: anxiety would start to build, and then I just felt robotic and like shit, and I was crashing in the afternoons, and I just wasn't worth it, I went back to just being my usual sketchy self and having account managers to keep me organized, and…
Mike Schwarz: Seems to be working, I just have to have AMs on everything that I do, you know? I think you're the same way.
Justin: Yep, I got a new guy as well that's gonna be learning management and everything, so yeah, that should help a lot.
Justin: Yep.
Mike Schwarz: Awesome. Well, I just… I just… yeah, just the way you're communicating, I just… I got a feeling, just the way… yeah, I just… I could feel, like, a lightness to your…
Mike Schwarz: Calms and responses, and it just felt a shift.
Mike Schwarz: Recently, so that's really good, really good to hear. Sleep is frickin' everything. If you can't sleep, my God, everything just spirals from there.
Justin: Yeah, it's crazy. I'm jealous of the people who can survive off of 4 hours and, like, still grind through the day. I can't do that.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, yeah. Well, that's good. We made a lot of changes, and if any point you do want to, like, do more client-facing stuff and pick up some extra hours there, let us know, but I think we've got a good process now. We're gonna do all discovery with the AM team. We've built up beautiful slide decks and process. I've been training them, and I'll be doing discovery and training them up. I also have
Mike Schwarz: others like Matthias and Thiago… not Thiago, but Mateus on his team, and
Mike Schwarz: Johnny can do some discovery. But like I said, when those guys do their own discovery, it's more likely going to lead to projects for them, and what we wanted to do is instead have our AMs do the discovery, so it's more efficient, and we can build that relationship, and then we can pass it fairly.
Mike Schwarz: Down the pipeline, to whoever has the best skills.
Mike Schwarz: And the related experiences and availability, and sort of, it creates a little bit of a conflict of…
Mike Schwarz: and inefficiency more than a conflict. If, like, Johnny does a quote, and then we say, oh, give this to Justin, then you have to get up to speed on all the stuff that he was doing. So, I think the new way that we came out of it is gonna be…
Mike Schwarz: better, and then you can work… I love asynchronous work, that's just the way our company's built, and then you can just follow up asynchronously with a client for any artifacts or missing details and stuff.
Justin: Yeah, it's worked out well so far. I feel like the only major thing that's probably happened is the whole…
Justin: well, yeah, I guess probably what you're sort of going to talk about is the Lynx Blue stuff, and then… I think that was mostly just a misunderstanding and stuff. I don't know if you understood my own context, but… but yeah, and then…
Justin: Yeah, I think that's it, really, yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, okay, so let's go through, links below, and I guess the general framework is, these… think of these clients as… they're not…
Mike Schwarz: coming to us through Upwork and saying, I want you to automate this process and get me a quote. These are people that saw me talk on stage, and they're like, oh, this guy sounds good, let's see what this world of AI is all about, maybe he can help us, and then I'm, like, coaching them and running them through frameworks, and then I'm interviewing them and discovering these processes.
Mike Schwarz: they all have a high degree of trust with me right up until the invoices start flowing, and then they're all of a sudden like, oh, I hope this shit works, like, you know, and a lot of them are non-technical and just have a… it's just…
Mike Schwarz: faith, right? And so the fastest that we can get them to something that's working and up and running and get them a return, that's better. So one of our critical KPIs is going to be time to first automation.
Mike Schwarz: We'll be reporting that for all clients, and that'll be, like, a monthly KPI. Hey, we have 3 new clients this month. Our average time to first automation for this quarter is currently sitting at,
Mike Schwarz: 72 days, and let's keep driving that number lower and lower and lower as we find quickins, repeatable processes, you know, templates, and just MVP approach, or the way that we speed up our communication, the way that we accelerate discovery, whatever it is.
Mike Schwarz: So yeah, he… he's already invested now.
Mike Schwarz: 3 months of payments, like, that's $15,000 Canadian, that's about, I don't know, 10,000, 11,000 US or something like that, and in his mind, he's like, that should be enough to just get something done so we can see the ROI, and then… because I always… when I'm pitching to them, I'm like, you don't have to invest that much before you start getting ROI, and then you can take the ROI, like, the time savings or the money saved, from that automation, and then
Mike Schwarz: that unlocks a benefit that, you know, justifies the ongoing continued investment. So, just wanted to see, with Linksplit, is there something that we can do to break that down into an MVP that's… that we can just get something cranked out by the end of the month without going over hours and asking for more budget?
Justin: I mean, yeah, I mean, most likely,
Justin: Okay, I have them open. I'm just… let me see…
Justin: So the one we actually sent already was the post-disbursement.
Justin: I feel like there was some slight confusion, too, maybe, because…
Justin: We have a bunch more options on the Asana, but he…
Justin: I don't remember if it was a private email, but I ended up adding more people, you know, like CCDushko and all that.
Justin: But, yeah, he was specifically asking for two specific ones, and I just assumed that was because of need,
Justin: Yeah, anyways… I guess the other side of the coin of all of this is,
Justin: I think it was a long time ago, but also it's been brought up a few times from other, like, AMPMs and also you.
Justin: I prefer to do, like, a range on my scoping, and then, you know.
Justin: you know, just in case it's this high, but we aim for this low. And so, that's a sort of a reason why it's probably, it could probably be lower, is because there was originally a lower range. I just removed that once I, you know, finalized the scopes.
Justin: Because that was…
Mike Schwarz: What… first of all, what is… I don't even know the… just so you know how high level I'm flying here, what is the name of this automation?
Justin: The two would be New Loan Data Sync, and then one would be Post-Disbursement automation.
Justin: Those are the two.
Mike Schwarz: Okay, and he… in his head, he said something like 5 to 15 originally, and then suddenly it was, like, 60 or 600, or…
Justin: Yeah, that's the other side of the coin, is… That's partially on me, but…
Justin: In the Asana, I put a generalized, very vague, not very real number, and it's been discussed since then to not do that, to prevent this confusion.
Justin: From… there was another case that… that… that slightly occurred on. That number was just to… as, like, a reference point to compare between everything else. That wasn't…
Justin: That's a number that, without much information I provide, that's it. It's just a gauge, a mental gauge. And I think he took that way.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah.
Justin: as a.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, and I think I need… I know that I need to do, set everyone's expectations, and so, like, when we come back with these rough estimates, we're spending, like, 10 minutes looking at our processes and throwing a number at it, and that's just to help us to figure out which ones we want to go deeper in, and we… we… like, it's just…
Mike Schwarz: you know, half the time, those numbers could be wrong. They could be wrong by a wide amount, but it helps us narrow down the opportunities, because we don't want to do detailed discovery on 10 things.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, okay, so that's expectations. I know what to know what to say there.
Justin: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Now, now, with this and any project, so there's two things we can do here. Like, one, I want to find a way to get a win by the end of September, and if I have to go out of pocket, or, you know, slashes…
Justin: You froze again.
Mike Schwarz: Sit on my side or your side?
Mike Schwarz: I think it's you, but let me check my internet.
Mike Schwarz: Let me check… I hear you fine.
Justin: I'll disable mine. You're back, though. I'll disable mine.
Mike Schwarz: I hear you fine. Let me, just check my internet speed here.
Mike Schwarz: Fast.com, I'm at 2… 3, 4, 400 megabytes per second, I don't think it's me.
Justin: I'm at, like, 80.
Mike Schwarz: Could be ping or something, weird.
Justin: 100, yeah, I don't know, that's weird.
Mike Schwarz: Maybe I was tempor… one of us might have been temporarily dead. Yeah, I'll just go just tech… or voice only.
Mike Schwarz: Where was I? I lost my train of thought. It was…
Mike Schwarz: The quote that comes from him is…
Justin: Process or something, maybe?
Mike Schwarz: I'll definitely, like, set their expectations at the beginning, and that's there. But what, yeah, what I want to do is find a way to get him…
Mike Schwarz: some sort of win by the end of September.
Mike Schwarz: And… do you think it's possible that you can somehow… break…
Mike Schwarz: like, is he trying to move forward with both projects at the same time? Like, I don't even know the details, but he doesn't want to… he wants to get…
Mike Schwarz: One or more wins in… With the existing 3-month retainer.
Justin: So, how many hours…
Mike Schwarz: before he…
Justin: Sorry.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, he wants to get a win in before he commits, so he's supposed to pay another retainer for October, and he's saying, like, can we just hold? I've given you guys 15 grand now, and I want to see what can come out of it before we keep going.
Mike Schwarz: And so what I'm trying to selfishly do is find a way to get the October retainer to fly. And long-term with this client, like, I want to think, like, what can we do to get him some wins by the end of September that ideally either, one, fit in with the budget, or two, if it can't fit in with the budget, then we find a creative way to get him more budget without him even knowing, just so that he can feel
Mike Schwarz: Like, we need to establish that trust. There's different degree… different layers and levels of trust. Like, one, there's the initial relationship, and then a sales relationship, then a contract and payment, then it's like, okay, the dev team and delivery of goods, and after all those trust barriers have been removed, and there's total trust.
Mike Schwarz: then things just open… like, the relationships just open up from there. And so, I've seen this with Google Ads as well, you know, people are investing 2-3 months before they start seeing results, and it's the… it's almost like we're in a probation period with them, and we gotta fight hard to get through that.
Mike Schwarz: So I'm just trying to brainstorm with you, like, any ideas on what we can do to deliver him some solid results by the end of, this month?
Justin: Yeah, yeah, no, I mean, I have a few, I guess, responses to that, or points, I guess.
Justin: Well, I mean, my first question is just to clarify, like, what hours does he have banked still? I think it was, like, 49 or something like that?
Mike Schwarz: Sounds about right.
Justin: Okay, I don't know for sure, but it was… that's what I recall.
Justin: So the only scope that has been sent to him so far was the post-disbursement.
Justin: Which was… 50…
Justin: setup hours, and then adding AM and communication made it to 64. That's probably what he was scared about, which is fair.
Mike Schwarz: Go.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah.
Justin: Yeah, and then… but the… so far, what I have with the new loan data sync, I believe I confirmed it internally, but there… it's only at, like, I think 45 hours with everything involved, 46, I think.
Justin: And with the API method, because the original method, which also scared him, which was an internal communication issue, I think Dushko admitted to, or not… I didn't mean to say it like that, like, throw him under the bus, but…
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, no.
Justin: I… because I told them we weren't gonna…
Justin: publicize any information about the new loan data sync scope yet, because originally, it was to be
Justin: scoped with a web agent, and that would have been pretty heavy on time. I think it was at 83 hours.
Justin: with everything included, and he said, he's just gonna get the API, and I was able to investigate that, and yeah, it's under half, roughly, of the original time. It could even go potentially lower than the current time as well, but
Justin: But as it stands, this should easily be supplemented with his current, retainer hours, easily.
Justin: Got it. Oh, but for the context, I did not send that yet, because I said internally, I forget it was Millay, maybe, but I asked, like, should we wait to send this? Because I think there was a call on Wednesday, and I finished it before that.
Justin: And I said, like, should we send this now, or wait for the call? And I never really heard back. I don't fully remember, actually.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: So, this is what… I'm gonna send this recording to Melai, and I think what we need to do is just, one, understand which of these two is more important for him, or do you happen to know which is more important?
Mike Schwarz: Like, is one conditional on the other, or they can all… they can both be done?
Justin: They're both pretty valuable. I… I could probably…
Justin: like, get the, like, high-end scope down for the post-disbursement, because like I said, it's just a range. I think my post-disbursement was 30 to 50 hours. I just kept the upper limit.
Justin: And then same with the new loan data sync, it could probably even be shaved a little bit. I just can't say for sure, like, once actual development starts.
Mike Schwarz: So do you know which of these two are more valuable to him?
Justin: I don't think I have that answer. I mean, I have.
Mike Schwarz: Okay.
Justin: like, ROI?
Mike Schwarz: This is what I think we need to do, is just understand which one he wants done first, and then one of them is, like, somewhere below 59 hours, and the other one is somewhere below 50 hours, and we have, like, 49 remaining, and let's just make it happen, and we'll cover the cost of the difference.
Mike Schwarz: So you just bill your hours as per normal, and if you go over, like, say we've got 49 and you come in at 60 or whatever for one of them, then we'll just cover the cost of the 11 to build the relationship with them.
Justin: I see what you're saying. Okay, so, like, go with the lower limit. Okay, that's fine. But also for context, though, the new law.
Mike Schwarz: Oh, no, no, don't go with… sorry, I wasn't saying go with a lower limit.
Mike Schwarz: You were saying that you had an upper limit on one of them of, like, say, 60, and he has banked hours of 49, and if that's the one we go with, then on the worst case scenario, using your upper limit, we're gonna go out of pocket 11 hours. On the best-case scenario, it's gonna come in at 49, but use your upper limit, and just… do we have to talk to Mel EI and decide which of these two is his priority?
Mike Schwarz: And we'll get that one done first, so that we can get him a result and, like, a finished product that he can go and say, sweet, now you guys are saving me, I don't know what it is, like, 5 hours a week of administrative time. Now I'm confident, comfortable, let's continue, and we'll take on the second one.
Justin: Gotcha. I do think it would probably be easier to sell the, new loan data sync, which is the one I haven't, sent yet, though.
Justin: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Oh, you think that one has potentially higher ROI?
Justin: It's just lower upper limit on dev time, and compared to the web agent, if you want to kind of give that as a comparison, the web agent estimate was, like, 83 hours, and the API version is only 40 in dev time, in the upper limit.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, but we'll just have to let him decide which one's more valuable, because also, the second one, he has to go and pay the API cost, I don't know how much that is per month, and he will have a feeling, because it's not just ROI calculations that you see, there could be other intangibles that they haven't really mentioned. So, we'll just, ask Malai to decide which one is most important.
Mike Schwarz: With the client.
Justin: That's fine with me. Yeah, I mean, also for more context, I believe I added people back into the communication, but he… he… while he was talking to you guys about that, he was talking to me personally with the, the,
Justin: a mortgage automator company, and he was able to, get an agreement of lower monthly costs for the API, and a two-week…
Mike Schwarz: I heard that.
Justin: Yeah, in a two-week, free trial, which allowed me to finalize and scope.
Justin: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Awesome, yeah, and he said that for the one that needed the API, that what we could do is, like, just version one, we get it up and running, get the benefits, and then down the road, we can decide when we want to code it in a way that we can kill off the API. Like, just get a separate quote later for, like, what it would cost to remove that API.
Mike Schwarz: And then…
Justin: Yeah, he's like, yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, so he was… in his head, I don't know if you saw the recording for the last meeting, he was like, well, maybe we can just review that again in 3 months and see when it makes sense to replace the API licensing costs, but because it lowered the price, that will push that down the road a little bit.
Justin: Okay. Yeah, I mean, do you want me to, I guess, send you these two, like, personally, or…
Mike Schwarz: Not me, no, not me personally. I'm not looking at any of this stuff. I just, high level, strategically, just need to understand if there's an MVP there. It doesn't sound like there is. It sounds like we just have a high upper limit, and it's going to come in less than that, and then, we want to get them results. So, just, just to wrap this up, and keep it simple, unless there's anything else,
Mike Schwarz: We're gonna ask Meli to talk to the client, find out which of these two is more important for him, and then we'll give you the green light on one of those two, and we'll crank it out and try to get him a result by the end of September, with the goal of getting him to continue the retainer for October. That's the plan.
Justin: Okay, that's… yeah, that's fine. And… and yeah, I could potentially…
Justin: Yeah, remove some features as well for, like, an MVP version as well, in that kind of fashion, as a thought.
Mike Schwarz: I… I…
Mike Schwarz: I wouldn't worry about it, unless it helps you get it out the door faster. Like, if there's something you can remove so we can get something done by the end of September, and show him some value, and tell him that we'll roll out a couple more features in October. Like, he just wants something ASAP, so I'll leave that up to you to decide, but don't worry about the costs and the hours. We're happy to invest in the long-term relationship. I know, like, once clients are locked in and getting value, like.
Mike Schwarz: We can be automating non-stop for them for, like, the next one or two years.
Justin: And then, the final thing, I don't want to keep you too long, because I know it's supposed to be short. Final thing is, I guess, in your preface about, you know, first to automation, do you consider chatbots, you know, website chatbots a part of that process?
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, yeah, I would say it's time to first ROI is a better word for it. So, something where they get, like, a measurable, significant benefit through time savings, money savings, preventing them from getting a new hire, reducing their customer support inquiries 50%, like a solid win. Time to first solid win, you know?
Justin: Okay. Because I thought, I thought, Marcos was already working on a chatbot, or almost finished it already for this guy.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, that's possible. I'm not in the loop, and I can't get into the details of those things, so I just… my job is going to be sell the vision, do some initial workshops, get a contract, do some discovery.
Mike Schwarz: and then even soon, I won't even be touching discovery, I'll just be bringing in clients, and AMs take over, and they do their discovery, they'll pass it with you. I only get brought in if there's some sort of relationship problem, and I have to sort it out, but I just can't possibly be looking at these tech scopes and stuff.
Mike Schwarz: if I do like having strategic review, having somebody try to punch holes in each other's work.
Mike Schwarz: So that, one, you can learn from each other, and two, you can make sure you're thinking about it from the right approach. We all have different experiences and skill sets, and so that's where I would say, like, you run yours, past any other of the other partners. It could be… it could be Marcos, it could be,
Mike Schwarz: Thiago, or, Mateus, or…
Mike Schwarz: Taryn, or anybody that you want, and just say, hey, an hour to review this, and we'll pay for that hour review and feedback, and then that's where, like, if you have any questions, or… it's kind of like what we're doing with Monica and Andre, that's a big, you know, six-figure project, so we're actually getting
Mike Schwarz: three different agencies to give opinions on Andre's plan and say, is there a better way of doing this, cheaper way of doing this? Okay, and so for Banner Rec, same standard conversation, but we could, like, I want to just set the stage for what I think could be a much faster conversation. This is how fast I think it needs to be.
Mike Schwarz: I'll give you an example. One, is there an MVP that we can come up with that will get us a faster, cheaper result so we can get something significant, a significant win? And then you say yes or no. If no, then I'll try to come up with creative ways to get him more hours or accelerate things on our end by dropping the hourly rate so that we can get him a win quickly. Exact same situation as them.
Mike Schwarz: And it's either a simple yes or no, I can or I can't. So it's going to be either we go with an MVP approach or we go with an hourly reduction, right? I don't know the details, and I don't need to know the details. My head won't retain them.
Mike Schwarz: With the amount of, sales deals I have juggled right now. So, for Banner Rec, is there… is this something that we can do, a lighter weight MVP and get him a faster result?
Justin: Trying to answer simply.
Justin: I would believe so for the one he specifically mentioned.
Justin: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: That's the simple…
Mike Schwarz: Okay, so if you can, like, try to trim it down into MVP and version 1, version 1.1, or what have you. And do you have enough hours to get that done within his retainer?
Justin: I'm not involved with the details there, like, I'm not sure what the delay is here, or what the issue is.
Justin: I'm not aware of his, our, current banked hours, no, I'm, I'm… I don't know.
Justin: But I guess slightly more specific,
Justin: There's 2 of the three projects he's interested in that are waiting on
Justin: Third parties to respond about How to access their data.
Justin: And then the one that was fully ready, I sent.
Justin: And that's the one they mentioned.
Mike Schwarz: Got it.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, I don't think I have enough details here from…
Mike Schwarz: what the client was even asking about. I just knew it was the same sort of situation as links below, but.
Justin: Similar, yeah, I can't believe.
Mike Schwarz: It's not in the ALL channel, so…
Mike Schwarz: I'll just have to send this recording to Melai, and she'll have to make sense of it, but I don't see anything in the all channel specifically saying what we need to…
Mike Schwarz: talk about here. Do you have any more information on what we're supposed to talk about relating to Banarak?
Justin: Yeah, I mean, I can at least verbalize for me transcripts or whatever. So, the one that was sent was called Xero Multi-Location Reporting Automation.
Justin: I believe they said that… Ultimately, their answer was the ROI doesn't seem to make sense, because,
Justin: so I feel like following up with them with the exact number, because
Justin: I don't always have that specific number, it's interpreted sometimes, so, like, of what the process costs for them already, so I feel like that would help us gauge how we can correct…
Mike Schwarz: I'm sorry, I didn't mean details of the actual automation, I can't have my head wrapped around that. Okay. I'm gonna ask Malai, can you join this call? We aren't sure what your questions are regarding this account.
Mike Schwarz: Okay, we'll see if she's able to…
Mike Schwarz: jump in, I'm looking for what the specific questions are. Do you happen to know what the questions are that we're supposed to discuss?
Justin: I mean, I thought you only had 15 minutes, so I, I, I…
Justin: I saw her message, let me see if I can find it.
Justin: But I thought we were just gonna focus on, Lynx Blue.
Justin: Because that's what she told me to get you in a call with. It was either Malay or Susana.
Mike Schwarz: Yes, I still have 3 minutes left here, let's hands.
Justin: Yeah, I think it was the same thing. They just said that they think that the ROI is not as…
Justin: valuable for the zero on.
Mike Schwarz: Where, where is this? Where is this?
Mike Schwarz: Bannerik IP, Latest Thread…
Justin: Three messages up on the bottom of the thread.
Mike Schwarz: IPA, okay, okay, perfect, thank you.
Justin: Where did she stay?
Justin: I've just followed up.
Mike Schwarz: What's the date? Date on it?
Justin: Hold on, this is not where she's specifically saying it, actually. I did see a screenshot of the email somewhere.
Justin: I don't know where that is either. I just saw it.
Mike Schwarz: Okay, no worries. I'll send this recording to Melai, and she can clarify what those questions are, and Melai, when you're watching this, I think if, in the meeting, if you can have an agenda with all the clear questions, just jumping around from so many tasks, I couldn't remember exactly what it was that we needed to talk about for Banner X, so I think, yeah, if we're going to set up these meetings, like, have the agenda in the description so we don't have to bug you and waste your time.
Mike Schwarz: With, not getting you the answer you need, but hopefully that's enough context from this call. We'll get this recording over to Malai, she'll take it from here, but, just to confirm we're clear for links below that…
Mike Schwarz: We'll just have to get Melei to confirm.
Mike Schwarz: which one we're going with, and you'll do your best to crank that out by the end of September, and if we get into a bit of cost overruns, we're not going to bill the client above their
Mike Schwarz: remaining retainer of whatever that was, like, 40-something hours. And if you have to go over, that's fine, we just want to really establish that initial relationship.
Justin: Perfect. Cleared.
Mike Schwarz: Okay, okay, I gotta get ready for a sales call here, and we'll talk very soon. Good luck.
Justin: How's it?